I think the greatest whole work in the military is the camaraderie of
the unit camaraderie that allows you to get through combat while she
gets you personal loss, allows you to get through injury, allows you
to get through incredible stress and survive that's you see some of
that in civilian life. You see some more of it in some kinds of civilian
life like police work or firefighting well you get that kind
kind of camaraderie but I think it's really a hallmark of the military.
The other hallmarks of the military and in the American experience
anyway as is the rotation system where you hardly ever any place
longer than about two years. So things are always changing, you jobs
changing. You work you're doing its changing, the kind of work you
are doing is chaning. You're not just going to be a letter carrier for
your entire years of life. My father in law did nothing but deliver
the mail for the post office fourty years and he loved that. I think
that I would not look I love the military where you'll be a linguist
here you can go be a cryptanalyst there you go be a team leader
here you can go be a unit leader there you can rise in rank you can
go different places that kind of progression I enjoyed go back to it
tomorrow if I had the opportunity.